The whisper is over
Why are you calm now?
Not afraid of the wind
I'm not crazy enough yet
I was thinking I'd be more crazy.
They can bully you less
Now you're going back to the capital too, I don't want to go back
originally delegated
My family abandoned me
What's the point of me
It's you
It's quite protective of me at a critical moment, thank you
I'm not all for you
I also want myself not to be taken as a soft persimmon
Since you're going back
Then we
Divorce, torture, can't wait
Why don't you take a shower first?
Rest early.
The earth-shaking changes are coming soon
I have to do something big and small for myself
I always thought he went out in the middle of the night
It's not fake.
It's almost dawn
What is he doing out there?
Yes, I still think he really protects me during the day.
Now you can't hold me back and follow me
He's tracking so clearly
This little spy is so unprofessional
Poor response
Skills are different
It's better to take the opportunity to scare him
Teach him a good lesson
From Jincheng
You don't deserve it.
I know someone is paying me to buy your life
I'm going to kill you today
Go to hell, boy
Someone is trying to scum
What a coincidence, are they a gang?
So is the captain of the special forces
Also said scum
Be careful how he still reminds me
Isn't it a gang?
Why don't we take this opportunity to test Xiaote?
Die or die
Although I owed him in a previous life
If you have to
Just treat it as if I returned the favor